Hello everyone and welcome to this week's stellar developer meeting. today I have a guest from the community. We are doing another one of the developer spotlights and today it's a pleasure to say welcome to to Panfield pleasure to say welcome to Panfield also known as Tupi. So welcome and thank you for joining us today. Thanks a lot for the invite. Really crazy to be here. So I know you've been So I know you've been super active in the community for a very long time and I see you contribute long time and I see you contribute to our documentation to some of our repos. You help out with the Stellar community funds and help out on on community funds and help out on Discord. I see your name all over the Discord. I see your name all over the place. So I'm I'm super excited to to place. So I'm super excited to talk to you today. I would just really just as before we dive into what you're working on and your own projects like what the how did you get get into blockchain the how did you get into blockchain and how did you get into to Stellar in in
and how did you get into to Stellar in the way you are because you're very involved. involved. Yeah. So I've been involved now with Stellar like actively for the last two years I would say and I really started to dive into because I when I switched company I went to work for a bit ponda so a crypto broker in Europe one of the largest and I told myself okay if I'm going to be a developer there maybe I need to dive deeper in really a blockchain project and because I was a maintainer already of many open source project in the scientific python ecosystem. I told myself, okay, now I need to do something and I knew already Stellar. It was really in the back of my head. I remember still I'm not sure if head. I remember still I'm not sure if it's still on the web page of stellar.org, but there was this story about somebody in Peru having some ship and they wanted to tokenize the sheep and exchange the ship for something else. And this was still in my mind and I just found that concept fascinating. And so I was like, okay,
that sounds like a real world utility and something which can have some good social impact. And so I really wanted to to get into that space and that's why I picked Stellar to to be the my I picked Stellar to be the my platform of choice. And yeah, also at that time it was just before the soroban started to to be beta and and started to be beta and and together and yeah, I wanted to learn rest was in Rust. So I was like that's a perfect match. So that's how I started really to to be active in the community. really to be active in the community. Okay, that's great. so so you said Okay, that's great. so you said you you didn't know Russ you didn't know Russ to before you started working. How how do how have the onboarding how do how have the onboarding process to soroban? How has that been for you? You've been along for maybe a little bit longer. So so what is little bit longer. So so what is experience? experience? Yeah. So my previous experience was purely just Python because I'm a Python developer day-to-day job. U so I would
developer day-to-day job. U so I would say I'm a good Python backend developer. So zero experience in front end either. So JavaScript and and all of that and So JavaScript and all of that and the documentation was just amazing. without any prior knowledge to to Rust without any prior knowledge to Rust or anything. I had everything that I wanted to to have and I also have had wanted to have and I also have had zero experience in blockchain development either. so I knew what a smart contract was and the the concept smart contract was and the concept of it but I did not know any subtlety about TTLs and lifetime and all of that and how you deploy a contract and and all this this nitty-gritty and all this nitty-gritty details. I had no clue about all the complexity and the documentation was just just a breeze to to to read and just a breeze to to read and and yeah when I had questions which were not answered the community was just amazing to like the discord and also on Twitter people are super helpful. So it's just easy I would say. Great. So when when you started working when you started developing on on stellar did you started developing on stellar did you have a purpose? Was a problem? Was
there a project you wanted to build or did your current project come along later? How how does that happen? Yeah. Know I at first I really started with some I did not have like a a concrete some I did not have like a concrete idea I wanted. I had some some toy idea I wanted. I had some toy problem that I had in my head that problem that I had in my head that I wanted to to do. maybe some people I wanted to do. maybe some people in the audience also saw saw some some in the audience also saw some of these. I had an idea with a I had a Raspberry Pi and I wanted to to build Raspberry Pi and I wanted to build like a gimmified platform where you actually you have a a pump and you use actually you have a pump and you use the you pump and as much as you pump if you pass a threshold and it's going to to do a trigger and and to send some to do a trigger and to send some tokens. So I had something like that that I hacked away. That was my first contract actually and yeah that's that's what I built first and I even made a YouTube video about it. and so yeah, I did one idea like that and and yeah, I did one idea like that and the second one that I did was I wanted to explore around the tokenization of
things and make a a token and but things and make a a token and but push a bit further. And so there I was okay I had this idea of looking at live data so weather data and so I was looking at the the expansion of the ice looking at the expansion of the ice and the contraction of the ice in the Arctic. And I was like, okay, I'm going to put that data and use that data to either mint or burn a token. And so I had sort of an oracle in mind. And so I built another project like that. And building these two project gave me some confidence into building smart contract interacting with the community as well. And all everything is working basically. Great. I think that I think basically. Great. I think that I think it's a really good way to learn like build something fun, something maybe not super serious, but kind of get some experience building something that that experience building something that you enjoy to do and where you can get some user interactions and and see some user interactions and see people enjoy it. So I think that's a great that's a great way to to start get
great that's a great way to start get building something more let's say more serious. so can you maybe talk a little bit about the project you are working on and I know you have a presentation as well. We can go into it a little bit. I think it's super interesting to see see what the interesting to see what the community is building. So I guess I need to upload the tech. So, oh perfect. Okay. Yes. So, the project I'm building is called Tensu., and so the background of all of that is that as I said earlier, I'm a maintainer of some famous open source project in in scientific Python. So project in scientific Python. So one of them is called Cypi and Cypi is downloaded close to 100 millions of time per month. So it's it's really huge. per month. So it's really huge. it's really one of the powerhouse of
all the scientific Python tools like packages like a psychic learn if you do some AI or PyTorch behind the scene they they leverage these tools. and so I've been a maintainer of this this tool I've been a maintainer of this tool for like five years or something like that and also deeply involved here in the open source world and so I know the challenges that the maintainer face are facing and also I know also the the struggle that can come to into using the the software and I wanted to try the software and I wanted to try to solve some of the problems that I've seen by building a tool which is sort of interacting with with GitHub. So I'm of interacting with GitHub. So I'm not envisioning to replace GitHub at all. because I think GitHub is is all. because I think GitHub is nice to store the the code and nice to store the code and everything but I think we're missing on on two key areas which are first of all the security because I think in in the security because I think in GitHub now they're building tools around security and and around securing the security and around securing the supply chain and because when you're
building something on GitHub at the end of the day what you want to to ship is a of the day what you want to ship is a software and artifact and GitHub now has tools in order to to secure a bit all of tools in order to secure a bit all of that and to ensure the provenence and to ensure that the code was not altered and things like that. But I think there's still like a long way to to go into still like a long way to go into really fully secure that. And the other aspect which is the aspect that I aspect which is the aspect that I wanted to to really cover with my wanted to really cover with my tool when I started to to build tool when I started to build it is the community aspect. I'm saying that because as a maintainer of of of a big tool like that, how is the typical workflow in the governance going is that you have a mainly list and you post your idea on the main list and sometimes it's sitting there for years and maybe somebody's replying and and and maybe somebody's replying and saying oh you have a good idea or not and then there's a bunch of discussion happening it's never fair it's never really transparent there are a lot of background discussion happening lot of lobbying and I wanted to have something which allow the committee to
be a bit more transparent to have a ways to to really push ideas and have ways to really push ideas and have all the ideas evaluated in a fair manner, transparent manner and so so manner, transparent manner and so that's really on the idea side and the community side and another point that people also may may know about free open people also may know about free open source software is the the free aspect source software is the free aspect it's a double edged world in the sense that there's a lot of people who wants to to build this software they wants to build this software they are dependent the pond but then at the end of the day we have a limited amount of time. We all have jobs and it will be better it will help if you will get compensating sometime for for will get compensating sometime for the the effort and that you put into this software and some big project like scypi we do get some some funding so scypi we do get some funding so it's it's very modest I have to say right now in the bank account of scypai maybe there's around $100,000 and that's a software which is as I said used by millions of user around the world really dependent upon
and there are 30 maintainers ers active on the project. So it's huge and something like 100k is not doing going to to help anything. You can you can barely hire one or two two developer barely hire one or two developer fulltime if you wanted to and that's the budget we we managed to get after 10 budget we managed to get after 10 years of funding or something like that. so there's really limited budget and and also the way it's being collected and distributed it's not very transparent. And so with tonsu I want to to have tools in order to be able to distribute this money a bit more fairly. because now when you would get a grant for instance maybe you split the grant into some principal investigators or two or three people but what about all the people reviewing your code contributing to all this discussion and everything there's a lot of people who are left aside there and I want to try to to have tools a bit for for to try to have tools a bit for that. So, Tanu is just a platform on top of GitHub which is the goal is to help with putting really
decentralization back into Git. because yeah, GitHub is one this this because yeah, GitHub is one this one giant platform which is very centralized. You push your code on it., but then if tomorrow you you're not happy with the state of the world or something, you can decide to change your code there. And this can have drastic consequences on on on all the people consequences on on all the people that that depends on you because on GitHub, you can just force push on the main branch. There is not much history., if you don't monitor it, you won't know that anything happened and you can really break people there., same goes with the community. You can really not listen to what what what people are not listen to what what people are saying. you can push in electoral decisions and things like that. Nothing is really fair. And so here I want to have tonsu which really gives the community a voice and also have decentralized organization basically that allows to do specific actions in a trustless manner basically and yeah by the way if anybody
has any questions I'm not sure I see if there is anything in the chat so far but yeah feel free to to stop me. Yeah, I yeah feel free to stop me. Yeah, I don't see any questions so far, but yeah, anyone who has questions, feel free to ask in the chat. Perfect. And yeah, we'll soon drop to a demo that will be there. And so so okay, what is Tanu there. And so okay, what is Tanu today? So Tanu so far received funding from from SDF two funings. So funding from SDF two funings. So which allow to to build the following which allow to build the following so on the left side. So a smart contract and a DAP which are on test net. I also managed to build a decentralized organization. So from scratch I'm not depending on on scratch I'm not depending on anything. The only thing I'm depending on which is a gra project it's a roban domains. That's my way to sort of prevent people to abuse a bit the system. I force people when they register the project to have a solar band domain for their project. And so this way you have a collateral for the project itself and if people abuse and create too many project we can deal with that with with bandan domain. and
that with bandan domain. and then I added some some features to then I added some features to start to give some money to project. So this is the support feature. and on the security side I have this commit the hash on chain which I will show hash on chain which I will show later what I'm working on right now. I'm actually I have an open pull request to add anonymous voting to the system. I believe that would be the first anonymous voting platform on on on anonymous voting platform on on stellar. so I'm pretty excited about that. everything's working. on the smart contract side basically right now I'm just reworking a bit the the DAP itself to make it work. so I really hope to have that out. I don't know maybe in one week or two weeks. because yeah the the front end side as I because yeah the front end side as I said I'm not a front end developer. I do have some help from a front end dev and yeah because I have the day job it's it's a bit hectic and sometimes I have to to push some nights to to try to to to push some nights to try to push things but it's getting there. I have another friends actually who's
helping me on the next point. So helping me on the next point. So critical vulnerability analysis and things like that. We want to push all this information on chain and to link this information with the state of the project. and same for the the res project. and same for the res artifact. So adding more features towards the decentralized part decentralized organization part and also to the security part. that's the focus right now. yeah that's just a a focus right now. yeah that's just a quick road map that that I have in quick road map that I have in mind. So as I said I had SCF award mind. So as I said I had SCF award which all to kickstart all of that. we build I built all that in one quarter basically to to have the the first basically to have the first P and to be on test net. So was pretty fast because I had really a clear idea what I wanted to do. and now I'm really in this SCF build. I already finished the first trench. I'm on the second trench and I'm beginning to collaborate with another great project trustful to add a layer on the
decentralization part. I actually don't want to use a token really for the this for the organization. I want to use a trustbased system. It's a bit similar to how nodes are talking to each other in the consensus protocol and stellar. we using trust and here I want to also use trust that we place on people on maintainer and on participant in the community. So the more active you are in the community and the more good social impact you make in these communities you will get basically badges. this is the the concept that badges. this is the concept that trustful is is bringing and and with trustful is bringing and with this you will get actually your voting power. so I prefer that over having power. so I prefer that over having just a monetary incentive u because yeah money is lacking. I prefer the money to go to a the support of the project than than that. there's a question like launch to sponsor transaction. I actually have to look into launchship. because to be completely honest, I still don't really understand what
launchship is is fully doing. but launchship is fully doing. but definitely I see a lot of definitely I see a lot of people talking about it and and and I people talking about it and and I hope on the call sometimes to to see I hope on the call sometimes to see what Tyler is is building and so so what Tyler is building and so yeah I will definitely have to look into into that to pay tax fees for this interaction. Yes. So that's the so for now I don't put any any premium now I don't put any premium or on any features but that's something I will need to think about if one day I really want to make this profitable in a way. but right now I There is nothing like and you can see the code everything is open source pay master sponsor. Yeah. Okay. And but yeah right now there's zero fees and the only way that right now tonsu would make any money is there when you click on the support button which I will show you can decide to leave a tip to the platform. Right now there is just that and yeah that brings me actually to the presentation of the D itself. the presentation of the D itself. And if I manage to present the tech
share screen that's this one tech can I share I can share it yes perfect so yeah you can so the the main so yeah you can so the main website of Tensu it's just tensu.dev here you can find some some rough here you can find some rough documentation. I'm saying rough because I have the I'm a back end dev so I my tendency is to write code and forget a bit the documentation but there's still some documentation to to go through to some documentation to go through to how to create your new project explaining a bit of rational about the soran soroban domain. I also have a concept of a tonsu file to describe a bit your project. Basically, it's a way to map your GitHub profile to your Stellar address. That's one of the main feature. And the other feature is just to give to to to have some
to give to to have some social link attached to your project because I don't want to store all of that on a smart contract. And u something I have to mention is that I'm trying everything I can to not have a back end at all because I really believe in in decentralization and and I think that decentralization and I think that that's really what we were trying to do here in blockchain in general and to me using a backend and having something hosted on GCP or AWS would sort of defeat a bit the purpose of everything we're trying to do. So I'm trying to have everything running locally on the client side and if not then it's running on the contract. So it's running on the contract. So there's no database or anything like that. And I'm really trying everything I can to to avoid all of that. I mean even can to avoid all of that. I mean even think about using distributed database using IPFS and things like that if ever I have the needs to use a database. there's also developer sections to discuss a bit about the architecture. so things which are also in the SCF proposal that you you can you
the SCF proposal that you can have a look at then the contract can have a look at then the contract address and and some links and the address and some links and the the app itself. So I can directly jump into the h and so yeah that's the main app. so if you ever went into the app you will notice that it's really different now because I just merged like two days ago this revamp of the UI. So I'm I'm ago this revamp of the UI. So I'm really happy with the result. really happy with the result. I had the design designer team working for two months on it. so thanks to the SEAF funding that I was able to do that. That's pretty amazing. So the logo and everything and all the look and feel u it's really really look and feel u it's really helped me a lot made it possible. so how is the app is working is that basically you you have your project so basically you have your project so yeah you can search for a project it's a normal search so tansu I have tonsu if I don't find anything it's going to tell me oh there is nothing on chain and then I can create a new project so
I'm not going to do that here just going to an existing project so tansu so here you have a bit of details and then you look at your project itself so I register tonsu and tonsu it can be a bit confusing Sorry. because yeah, I wanted to to manage my own project with wanted to manage my own project with my own tool basically. so what is the project page? So the project page I can quickly go over it. So you have some some quick information here. have some quick information here. you have this famous support button which allows you to to give some tips to which allows you to give some tips to the the tools that you use if you like what they're doing. so here as I said that's the only way that right now tons protocol will be receiving any any protocol will be receiving any funding. So by entering here an amount so here you can do that. so here you can do that. quickly on the wallet side because here there was a there was something to sign I'm using the Stellar wallet kit. So this is
on but you may want to look into protocol. That's running aware but interesting. Okay thank you. I will have a look. Let me copy that. All right, copy that. Thanks. Thanks, Matias., yeah. And so here the the main, yeah. And so here the main information that you have and the information which is actually stored on chain is this thing the the last chain is this thing the last hash. so yeah here you see I have a bug apparently because you don't see the hash but you you see it hash but you see it here being being represented. So you here being represented. So you have all the hashes here and you can actually go onchain and see the the actually go onchain and see the project itself. So let me just quickly go there. So here's the contract itself and every time you do something yeah you would see it here and here are all the
entries and so how is the project defined let me try to find it so yeah here here's the the project defined so here here's the project defined so here is saliv but had tonsu yeah here's the project how it's defined so that's that's basically the information store on chain I saw the project name some config itself so who are the maintainer of the project so who has really access on it. and and after that I have some it. and after that I have some some other metadata associated to that and the the main metadata right now is and the main metadata right now is the the last state of the project on GitHub which is a commit hash. So this is this store in in another entry. So is this store in another entry. So yeah this seems yeah exactly this that key for tensu here is the same as here last hash and that's the last hash which is register right now which correspond to a commit which exist and so if I go back when there is actually a match with unshaded data
and the data that you find on GitHub it's indicating you that everything is fine here you have a green tick and so if somebody would compromise GitHub basically and overwrite the commits on GitHub. This will get read and I in the future I will add some triggers which will send some notification to people to say that hey something happened on GitHub versus what's on chain. So that's one of the main security feature that I have right now and the same goes with the configuration to say who's maintainer who's not maintainer. So this is check against the this tomal this this tensu tomal file that is I'm comparing the data which is in this file with the data that have function to to have this this sort of check. so to have this sort of check. so yeah here you have the the commit yeah here you have the commit history here you have this commit that we just saw this F72 which was on which is verified and because I defined some maintainer this is the last one that I've done to and here I'm a verified maintainer in this list. So you have
some indication here of what's on chain and and to be able to verify that. So that's the first part, the security part and the most important part for me is really this governance part. And so if I go on the governance, that's really your your DAO. You have not the Dow for the complete for for Tanu, but for every single project you you get a Dow, your own D. project you get a Dow, your own D. So this page will look different for for So this page will look different for everybody. And maybe if I go back to the explorer itself, I can quickly show it. Here you have the DA of Tensu basically here and here you have all the list of proposal and so on you can directly see who voted who approved or abstain and what's the status of the vault the title and here you have something you have IPFS because I don't store the proposal themselves on chain but I use
themselves on chain but I use IPFS so once again I see some questions detail from the Gitcoin yeah I look into Gitcon. Actually, yeah I look into Gitcon. Actually, if you look if you go to see my proposals for SCF, you will find the technical documentation and at the end of the technical documentation, I made a I had a look at everything which was out there around G around decentralization and all of this concept and I made a comparative analysis of what I think of missing or or was what I think of missing or was good and I'm trying to combine all of the the nice concept and have it there. basically what is the actual data that is being stored on chain for the project I worried about state expiration so yeah the data on chain I hope I'm answering right now the questions and otherwise for the state expiration yeah that's something actually I'm still thinking about it exactly how it should work and how I should extend all the TTLS and things because I'm I'm not sure TTLS and things because I'm not sure actually right now so so for now I'm
actually right now so for now I'm not really dealing with it because I'm I'm still on test so I still have the freedom to do that. But that's definitely something I'm looking into. I have an openish on that to but I have an openish on that to but I still need to to take more time to just still need to take more time to just think about how the the workflow is think about how the workflow is going to to work this how should I going to work this how should I pronounce your discord name. Tupi it's my second name actually. I asked the same question before we joined. Yeah, it's a classical question. All right. So going back on the proposals the on the proposals themselves. So let me just open a proposal to see how it looks like. so this data as I just shown before is stored on IPFS. So what you just saw right now is loading the data from IPFS. As I said there's no back end or anything and everything's running client side. So this was loaded from IPFS. that's the proposal itself. When you create a proposal you can put an image, you can put whatever you want. I have
like a markdown editor. You can put tables and all of that. and then all goes to IPFS. So I can actually open the the link and you will show how it is. Yeah, it's loading. It's funny. It's loading faster on my thing than the IPFS itself. Wasn't he in Austria? Yeah, I'm living in Austria in Jenna, but I'm French coming from Tahiti if you want this to be even more confusing. Okay, I the IPFX Explorer. I don't know what is happening, but yeah, you see the link here. It's a IPFS link., yeah, it's not loading for some reason. And I mean, this is not my my internet. I don't know. starting again. No, I mean the link is there. I don't know. IPFS, but it's
loading here. So, you have it here., one concept I have on the D one concept I have on the D itself, it's pretty surprised. Yes. One concept I have with the the DA proposal concept I have with the DA proposal is that I have the concept of outcome. And so when a proposal is accepted it can execute when when you're going to can execute when you're going to execute the proposal itself and to have the the tally being calculated have the tally being calculated you're actually going to be able to say okay if it's approved please execute that transaction and so here you have an example of of ex that I put so here an example of ex that I put so here in this it's a trivial example that I put here but you can put any any when put here but you can put any when you create a proposal and so if the when you execute a proposal You're going to have like a screen telling you this is going to be executed when you actually execute the proposal. And so the the execute the proposal. And so the ting is going to be made and this is going to be also also sent. So what what going to be also sent. So what can you use that for? You can use this
for instance to add a m not just to pay people but to me it was to do some special action for maintainers. For instance, if you wanted to change the structure of your governance, you can say you can have a proposal saying, "Oh, yeah, what about we add I don't know pumpfield to to this other community." pumpfield to this other community." And so you will make a proposal and the the XDR itself would just be to call the tanu contract itself and to add myself to another project and people when they vote and when you execute that then I would be able to be added automatically into the into that new organization. So this way you can really manage your the the whole governance manage your the whole governance of your project on chain as well or the aspect that you have on chain. and also you can yeah have font distributions and all of that. And what I want to to do afterwards is so right I want to do afterwards is so right now it's very manual. You have to create your own XDR and paste it there. But what I want to have is templates that people can use and they will be
able to to have like I don't know a drop able to have like I don't know a drop down and then select yeah I want to add a maintainer. Boom. And then you will have a few fields to fill and boom it will just pre build the easier for you. and I also want to be able to have some things that you preign and then everything is being able to to be everything is being able to be executed automatically and things like that. So this is coming but the the main that. So this is coming but the main feature right now is is there is you you feature right now is there is you have this ex that you can execute and yeah I think that's basically it., if you have any questions, I don't know if there was any other questions. I think you got through all of them. Perfect. Yeah, super exciting to see it. I I've been poking to see it. I I've been poking around a little bit just to play with it and I think it looks great. it and I think it looks great. I think it's it's a Thank you. it's a I think it's a Thank you. it's a great great great project and yeah, I love to see how much you you yeah, I love to see how much you decentralize the the DAB as well. So, so
decentralize the DAB as well. So, so yeah, really really interesting yeah, really interesting projects., do did do you have anything else in the presentation, the other presentation?, no, that that other presentation?, no, that was it., yeah. I mean, my next big thing is really to to bring anonymous thing is really to bring anonymous voting there., this I'm really excited about., I've been working like a lot on that and learning as well. I knew nothing about zero knowledge and homorphic encryption and all of that and I just got the idea when I saw the protocol 22 update that it was bringing that and then I started to look into it and I really like the concept and and I really like the concept and I think that's bring quite some value to to the project if I had that to the project if I had that feature and so yeah the I have an open source an open pull request everybody can check out the code and and everybody can check out the code and yeah please feel free to to also use yeah please feel free to also use what I've discovered And when what about to for your own project?
Okay. yes. So Matias is asking yeah using NQG for for the voting. yes using NQG for the voting. yes sort of like with this badges that I want to use. So the trustful the the want to use. So the trustful the project that I want to use. They they have this concept of badge and I want to sort of have some neurons which are how many badges do you have and what kind of badges do you have? and this maybe with on top things like okay how many times you we can actually in the history of GitHub we can find your name and this will maybe give you like a a power this will maybe give you like a power on the the actions that you on the the actions that you have on chain to say oh you're an active maintainer and you can also have like some crown job running in the background to say oh if you've not been active for that that long code wise then maybe we remove your code access and things like that. So you can I'm really thinking about all these kind of things on pola dot. No, I did not know
about about that. It's great. That's why I like stellar so much. have so many people giving you ideas like that and and giving you ideas like that and sharing interesting things. Thanks. just now I feel compelled to please do have a look. Everything is open. right now it's very easy. I have a monor repo because yeah I'm just working myself basically on it and yeah it's it's on my GitHub profile. yeah it's on my GitHub profile. so GitHub tonsu and then soroban versioning is called the the repo. Yeah it's great. I called the repo. Yeah it's great. I love you you bring a lot of new ideas I love you bring a lot of new ideas to the table here. I think there's some of the solutions you're working on is something we probably haven't seen or haven't seen a lot of in the community. So I hope this is a an inspiration for So I hope this is a an inspiration for everyone else to go and take a look at at at your project, take a look at the code, see some how how you're
the code, see some how you're solving some of these these these solving some of these these challenges or creating some of these creative solutions to to sometimes well-known problems or some new problems, new ways of doing things. So, it was really great to get it was really great to get the opportunity to chat with to get the opportunity to chat with you and to see the project you're working on and yeah, thank you so much for joining. Thank you very much for the invite and yeah, thanks for the audience for all the nice questions. Okay, great. I think we'll wrap it up here then. we will be back next Thursday and if anyone out there has a cool project that they would like to talk about here on the still a developer meeting please reach out to me. I think it's very me. I think it's very interesting to see some of these projects and and and talk to to the the projects and and talk to the developers behind it and hear some of their their thinkings about how some of their thinkings about how how they they solve these problems. So how they solve these problems. So thank you everyone for joining. I see
you next week. Thank you. Thanks everybody. Bye.